Project Overview:
The purpose of this document is to coordinate all project planning documents, with the aim of creating Dungeons and Dragons (D&D) battle tracking software with a comprehensive plan for all process of execution and control. We will outline all project assumptions, decisions, define the context extent and timing of the key points as well as baseline for the progress of the project. This document will also include a timeline or project schedule, work breakdown structure and project resources and budget.

Project Objectives:
The D&D Role Playing Game (RPG) battle tracking software has three deliverables for its successful implementation
    To implement of the tracking software.
    It will be able to track Player Characters, Non-Player Characters, Monsters, Initiative, Rounds, Health and Logs
    Create a database system which can store all of the data which is being collected from the tracking software
    This will be interacting with the tracking software where it saves all the information being tracked into the database.
    Design and implement a large, complex project
  This will be main project or game which connects to the tracking software and the database system.

Project Scope:
This section is to preview a more detailed view of the tasks needed to complete the deliverables and successfully complete the project.
1. Implementation of the tracking software which allow to track at a minimum of Player Characters, Non-Player Characters, Monsters, Initiative, Rounds, Health, Logs
    a. Create a system which emulates the D&D board game gameplay
    b. Create a data structure which can store all the data needed
    c. Testing the gameplay of the system and if the data is stored correctly
    d. Create a user manual to help users understand the system
2. Create a database system which can store all of the data which is being collected from the tracking software
    a. Create different tables for specific characters, monsters, actions
    b. Create relationships between the table
    c. Design and implement a large, complex project which implements SQL statements to access the database
3. Create statements which interact with the database system. This includes inserting data, modifying data, reading data and deleting data
    a. Utilize the tracking software to connect with the database
    b. Create commands or scripts in the tracking software to run the SQL statements
    c. Create an effective user interface
    d. Create Advanced queries of the data, allowing analysis and future planning for the business
    e. Develop a method to check data validation of all data
    
Deliverables:
  · User manuals to help new users understand how to play the game and the rules
  · Tracking software which is assists in the Dungeons and Dragons Game
  · Database system which stores the tracking software information


